That's outrageous.
I've never seen such an irresponsible artist in nearly 10 years.
Why isn't someone like him inside?
This kind of person doesn't deserve to be an actor.
Sister Van, don't worry about this.
What happens suddenly doesn't blame you.
Dear, calm down.
Our first priority is to quickly re-select a new female employer.
Xiao Xiao, you help me see which of these female stars is suitable.
Dear, this is not according to the rules, is it?
Qin Xiao half way out of the laity
How to choose an actor?
What's wrong with you?
Does the director still need you to show your hands and feet?
Hey, Qin Xiao is the main actor of the Great Five Emperors this time.
He knows who he feels, in his heart.
Of course there was a reaction.
All right, nephew.
You're out.
This has nothing to do with you.
General Director Chen, if the female owner this time really lets me choose, I will choose.
I will choose to welcome.